# GameMonetizeBot Documentation
This project is a bot that does the following: It creates accounts on gamemonetize.com, then uploads games on those accounts. It can scale up to thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands if you have the resources.<br>
Here's a detailed explanation on how it works.<br>
Here's the task each script does:<br>
_**fillDB.py**_ - this script does fill the database that the following script will use to create accounts. Here's how it works: It scrapes data from reddit API based on how many keywords you've provided in a list inside the script, if you put as many keywords the script will scrape loads of data. It then stores the amount of datapoints it gathers from reddit API and for each iteration it pulls a first name and a last name from a Python API called [names](https://github.com/treyhunner/names), and creates a combination of _firstName, lastName, cdName, email_ from that list and generates the password from a [PasswordGenerator](https://github.com/ByteCommander/PasswordGenerator) module and stores everything in db.csv that will be used in the next step. It was supposed to store the usernames it scrapes from reddit into _usernames.json_ but I realized that this step is unnecessary.<br>
_**registration.py**_ - this is the script that does the registration process, it needs a database of _firstName, lastName, cdName, email, password_ stored in a database called db.csv. It starts with the creation process and every account that is created is stored in a database called dbCreated.csv.<br>
_**main.py**_ - this is the main script that does the upload, for each account in dbCreated.csv, it logs in and uploads each games in games.csv. **It's important that all databases are in csv format**.<br>
